README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="40%" height="40%" src="https://i.imgur.com/Ix9w2No.png">
  <br> <br>
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/gh/FairyProject/fairy/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=FairyProject/fairy&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"><img src="https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/521e578f30d64d7d9e4d4eb30057c086"/></a>
  <a><img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Authors" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Authors-LeeGod-blue"></a>  
</p>

# Fairy Framework
Fairy is a compat &amp; open-sourced Java Framework made with ♥. Fairy is heavily inspired from Spring Boot. 
Its objective is to bring the beauty of dependency injection and CRUD based design patterns to various platforms, including Minecraft server with platforms like Bukkit api, Bungee api etc. This project is a universal framework.

Main Maintainer: Imanity Software

### Advantage using Fairy Framework
Fairy as a universal framework, it mainly built for minecraft server plugins in mind. It's easily the best framework for minecraft server open sourced due to it flexibility, dependency injection pattern, and powerful backing system. 

With the flexibility Fairy had, we also have various platform supported that aren't minecraft related. [Application platform](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/tree/v5/io.fairyproject.platforms/app-platform) for independent platform, [Discord module]() built on top of JDA for better experience etc.

## Project State
We are currently staying at **`0.7.0`**, the reason why we still have 0 as the major version prefix is because we thought there is missing pieces before we can start with version 1.
Does not mean it's unusable.

## Objective
The objective of the project will be a fully `cross-platform` capable framework for minecraft. 
Where you can write code once and use on every platform with any version.
To achieve this it's nearly impossible for a single person or a small team, that's why this is open-sourced, if you can contribute the project we would be very appreciated!

## Getting Started
If you are interested in creating a project using Fairy framework, please start from [Preparing Environment](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/wiki/Preparing-Environment) and [Setup Project](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/wiki/Setup-Project) wiki resource.
Or you can jump straight over to [project examples](). 

## Licensing
[MIT license](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/blob/v5/LICENSE) for the **♥**

## Contributing
Contributions can be made via pull requests to this repository.
If you are not sure what to contribute with, you can either check the 
[Project board](https://github.com/orgs/FairyProject/projects), 
[Open issues](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/issues), 
or ask us directly in [Discord](https://discord.gg/VMh3QAfvyq).

If you have any issues before/during contribution feel free to come in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/VMh3QAfvyq) to ask questions.

For every contributor, we will be rewarding a discord role in our discord:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36093806/145171823-ffa0179c-1566-4037-b8a5-427b8b068396.png)

> we are planning to expand the reward for contributing, but this is it for now.
 
## PR Requirements

* There should be 0 issue found in [`Codacy`](https://app.codacy.com/gh/FairyProject/fairy/dashboard?branch=v5).
* No tabs; use 4 spaces instead.
  * Empty lines should contain no spaces.
* No trailing whitespaces.
* No one-line methods.
* Major additions are preferred to have documentation.
* Follow test driven development where available.
  * Fairy starting from 0.5.1 will start going in the direction of TDD, if you can contribute to improve test coverage in this project we would be grateful!
* Avoid moving or renaming classes.

Commit message:

feat: Added Projects using Fairy category in README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="40%" height="40%" src="https://i.imgur.com/Ix9w2No.png">
  <br> <br>
  <a href="https://www.codacy.com/gh/FairyProject/fairy/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=FairyProject/fairy&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"><img src="https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/521e578f30d64d7d9e4d4eb30057c086"/></a>
  <a><img alt="Issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/FairyProject/fairy"></a>
  <a><img alt="Authors" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Authors-LeeGod-blue"></a>  
</p>

# Fairy Framework
Fairy is a compat &amp; open-sourced Java Framework made with ♥. Fairy is heavily inspired from Spring Boot. 
Its objective is to bring the beauty of dependency injection and CRUD based design patterns to various platforms, including Minecraft server with platforms like Bukkit api, Bungee api etc. This project is a universal framework.

Main Maintainer: Imanity Software

### Advantage using Fairy Framework
Fairy as a universal framework, it mainly built for minecraft server plugins in mind. It's easily the best framework for minecraft server open sourced due to it flexibility, dependency injection pattern, and powerful backing system. 

With the flexibility Fairy had, we also have various platform supported that aren't minecraft related. [Application platform](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/tree/v5/io.fairyproject.platforms/app-platform) for independent platform, [Discord module]() built on top of JDA for better experience etc.

## Project State
We are currently staying at **`0.7.0`**, the reason why we still have 0 as the major version prefix is because we thought there is missing pieces before we can start with version 1.
Does not mean it's unusable.

## Objective
The objective of the project will be a fully `cross-platform` capable framework for minecraft. 
Where you can write code once and use on every platform with any version.
To achieve this it's nearly impossible for a single person or a small team, that's why this is open-sourced, if you can contribute the project we would be very appreciated!

## Public projects using Fairy
- Woolwars - [SpigotMC](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/woolwars-competitive-pvp-gamemode.116176/), [BuiltByBit](https://builtbybit.com/resources/woolwars-competitive-pvp-gamemode.26119/)
- RaytraceAntiXray - [SpigotMC](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/raytraceantixray-ores-entities-tiles.116253/), [BuiltByBit](https://builtbybit.com/resources/raytraceantixray-ores-entities-tiles.41896/)
- CraftGens - [BuiltByBit](https://builtbybit.com/resources/craftgens-generators-gui-editor.30062/)
- Brew - [GitHub](https://github.com/FairyProject/brew)
- *Feel free to open a PR to add your project to here!*

## Getting Started
If you are interested in creating a project using Fairy framework, please start from [Preparing Environment](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/wiki/Preparing-Environment) and [Setup Project](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/wiki/Setup-Project) wiki resource.
Or you can jump straight over to [project examples](). 

## Licensing
[MIT license](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/blob/v5/LICENSE) for the **♥**

## Contributing
Contributions can be made via pull requests to this repository.
If you are not sure what to contribute with, you can either check the 
[Project board](https://github.com/orgs/FairyProject/projects), 
[Open issues](https://github.com/FairyProject/fairy/issues), 
or ask us directly in [Discord](https://discord.gg/VMh3QAfvyq).

If you have any issues before/during contribution feel free to come in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/VMh3QAfvyq) to ask questions.

For every contributor, we will be rewarding a discord role in our discord:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36093806/145171823-ffa0179c-1566-4037-b8a5-427b8b068396.png)

> we are planning to expand the reward for contributing, but this is it for now.
 
## PR Requirements

* There should be 0 issue found in [`Codacy`](https://app.codacy.com/gh/FairyProject/fairy/dashboard?branch=v5).
* No tabs; use 4 spaces instead.
  * Empty lines should contain no spaces.
* No trailing whitespaces.
* No one-line methods.
* Major additions are preferred to have documentation.
* Follow test driven development where available.
  * Fairy starting from 0.5.1 will start going in the direction of TDD, if you can contribute to improve test coverage in this project we would be grateful!
* Avoid moving or renaming classes.
